2.3.1 Documentation Update (#322)
Hydrospheredata/hydro-serving: docs/src/main/paradox/services/serving/manager.md

# Manager

@@@ note
Manager is an open-source service available [here](https://github.com/Hydrospheredata/hydro-serving-manager)
as a part of [hydro-serving](https://github.com/Hydrospheredata/hydro-serving) project.
@@@

Manager is responsible for:   

* Building a Docker Image from your ML model for future deployment

> * Storing these images inside a Docker Registry deployed alongisde with manager service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Storing these images inside a configured Docker Registry or one, deployed alongisde with the Hydrosphere platform.  
```
